Dear Client,

I have reviewed your job description very carefully and I am quite confident to fulfill on your requirement . So please let us have a chance to work with you and request you to please explore the bid once, you will find it fruitful & up the mark as per your requirement.

Here is my expertise.
I am well skilled 5 + years of experience as a programmer of PHP, MySQL, HTML/HTML5, CSS2/3, JavaScript, jQuery as well as experienced with stable open-source CMS like WordPress, Magneto, Woocommerce, Big-commerce, Shopify.
I have good hands with WP(development/customization/integration). Troubleshooting. Bug fixing
Also, I have experience with web designers with UI/UXD, Twitter Bootstrap, Logo design, sketch invasion, Photoshop, SCORM, and illustrator.

My recent work:
https://www.thedailyedited.com/
http://heatherwaxtherapy.co.uk
http://www.seminolecarpetcleaning.com
www.sjattorney.net
http://www.absboston.com/
http://www.digitaldreamstudio.com/
www.sgbsweet.com/
http://ronberg4life.dk/
https://techniks.fotcnc.com/

You'll get all the expected work as per your expectations like a great professional service and a fast turnaround, at a bit less, and I get a bit more exposure.

Going forward, I would appreciate, if we can schedule a convenient time for discussion around your project in detail s that can write to me. if the above offer sounds like something you would be interested in, I’d love to hear from you

Regards,
Shivam Kumar

Hello, I see that you are looking for junior full-stack developer. That is why I am interested and submitting proposal. For payment we can negotiate, don't worry.

To be honest, I am dedicated and self-motivated junior full-stack developer. If you help and guide me I am totally good and strong candidate.

Little about my experience:

I have experience of working on React js projects like, social-media, issue-tracker, e-commerce. In front-end I am familar with ReactJs, react-hook, contextAPI, Higher-order component and with styling material-ui, styled-component, and pure css. Also I am comfortable with Redux. In back-end I have alittle experience of working with express, nodejs, mongoDB, firebase, and RestAPI. I have built almost 3 or 4 projects using MERN stack by myself.

What I need to tell you is I do my all best to satisfy you with your support.

If you are nterest, please shoot me a message, then we will talk and I show you some of my projects.

Thank you!

Sincerely,
Hello
I am a full-stack developer who has hands-on experience in front-end development and back-end development.

As a detail oriented full-stack developer, I provide perfect result with high-quality code, implement full features, fix bugs in a timely manner.
I am not only a full-stack dev but also a strong communicator who helps others if needed.

According to my past experience, I love to use
JavaScript, TypeScript, React, Vue, Next, Nuxt (front-end develpment)
Node, Express, Laravel (back-end development)
SQL, NoSQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB (database)
AWS, Azure, Heroku, Firebase (cloud platforms)
Git, NPM, Webpack, ESLint, Jest, Cypress, etc.

I'd like to move forward with you soon.