Hi,

I'm experienced Web Graphic, UI/UX designer and can work quickly and I'm details oriented.

I have strong skills in Adobe Photoshop, good knowledge of Adobe Illustrator and Sketch, also can work on creation of wireframes and clickable prototypes in Axure RP, Invision. During my work I'm trying to create good balanced design with great attention to details (I think all elements are important in design), colours and fonts combinations, content placement.

I have over 8 years of experience in website content development and design for various small and mid-sized companies throughout the whole world; I can assure you that if you hire me, my abilities would be proven as an asset to your organization.

I exactly know how to collaborate with marketing and production managers and company executives. That's how I have created much user-friendly content. I always target specific audiences to increase website traffic and that's how I promote company brands.

----------------------------------
I am UI/UX designer having 9+ years of experience in Visual designing including Websites and mobile app UI designing and UI development.

I am working on Photoshop CC, Illustrator CC, Lightroom 6, Coreldraw.

I promise you that with my leadership and organizational skills and technological expertise, I will bring out the best of your web design project. I am also willing to give more than 40 hours of work per week to ensure timely completion and implementation to increase brand awareness and promote your company’s products.

You are always welcomed to look at my Profile, Portfolio and Work history for more details about my experience and qualifications.

--------------------

Coding:
I code professionally: HTML5, CSS3, BOOTSTRAP, JS.
I pay special attention to the structure of code on your projects-this should be clean, flexible. have reusable use.

Responsive:
I test and configure Web projects and web-App for all mobile devices and browsers, for me there are no problems to do any manipulations with DOM - tools css.

Work with graphics:
Work professionally with Adobe products, at the designer level.
Photoshop, Illustrator, inDesign and others.

graphic content:
Any wish - change, create, improve, optimize, = no problems.

Also do print design:
Professional preparation of files for printing in accordance with the requirements of production.

In a word - I maximally cover the entire visual side of your projects on a professional level from the content of the design to the code.
You can always contact me with any questions.

Please give me detailed instructions - What need to do? and we descussion details projects.

Other info:
General experience of 10 years in the IT industry.
Ftp, Git, Word press, Phpstorm, Visual-studio, Sublime text.

------------------------

Hi!

I'm a professional Responsive-Web-designer, UI/UX designer, Graphic designer, Company identity designer. I create web-design with necessary tables and diagrams, grids, shapes, navigation, typography, popular fonts. I focus on all the trends and techniques.

I practicing all guidelines and specifications in design, using the development of responsive framework and Bootstrap in creation your site interface of desktop and all devices you need.

My design - it is always a quality product, where I always use necessary and interesting graphic elements, color, fonts trend, everything are directed on performance of my customer's objectives. I offer successful implementation of projects, in order to get the most successful solution result.

I create the design that is proportional to time, business and target audience, influences on growth of financial results of the company.

In your project, I would like to realize all my potential skills, abilities and my professional experience. Please contact me, I will be glad to cooperate with you!

--------------------------
I'm UI/UX/WordPress expert. I would love to have the opportunity to discuss your project with you. I am experienced developer and I do similar work. I work on all kind of latest web technologies like WordPress, PHP, HTML5, CSS3, javascript, jQuery, Bootstrap, MySQL.
I have a lot of experience creating sites of varying complexity from scratch and not only.I've read your requirements and I think I can do this. 

-------------



I also possess great skills in the graphics side of web design, experimenting with programs in the Adobe Creative Suite, such as Photoshop, Illustrator, and Adobe XD.

Now as for my UI designing skills, I have been involved in various projects in UI development for mobile applications for last five years. I would like to also add that I have developed a wide range of forward-thinking user interface programs, which have all improved user experience and this has aided my talented knowledge in the course and responsibilities of this position. 

-------------------

Hi,

I’m interested in the position of Web-Designer you recently posted. I have been a professional designer for 15 years, and am very familiar with UX/UI. Nowadays I'm an art director of Presto Design Studio and we are looking for realible partners on permanent basis.
We have some teams from US, Canada, Australia and Europe and work with them succesfully.
Please check our portfolios to get an idea of design quality:
- https://presto.agency
- https://www.behance.net/prestoagency

Before we go into more details, let me clarify the following:
- What kind of web design complexity and volume do you mostly deal with (websites, landing pages, web apps etc?)
- Will you need only design or also development part to be done for the projects?

I have many other questions to ask but to save time for both of us I suggest to schedule a call/chat.

---------------------
I hear you're looking for a great designer, so here I am :).

My name is Faruk Hadzic and I'm a 41 years old web designer from Croatia (EU). Over the past 14 years I've been working on all kinds of projects and for some of the world's top brands (Fisherman's Friend, HBO, Budweiser, MTV etc.). With more then 4000 hours at Upwork and clients feedback 4,97/5 , I think that I'll be able to give you some great designs.

Area of my expertise is:

- Design and UX/UI (web and mobile)
- Illustrations
- Logos (Identity)
- Motion graphics

I believe the best way to prove my skills is my portfolio, which you can reach at http://www.deepsun.net . If you like my work, please feel free to contact me for any question or additional information. 

--------------------
Hi,

I specialize in designing cross-platform product solutions that are functional with a rich UI experience. I'm a experienced UX / UI Designer. From low to high-fidelity wireframes, rapid and interactive prototyping and more (e.g. user journeys, motion design / UX choreography).

On my portfolio, you'll see examples of turning sketches to medium and finally high fidelity designs.

I have also extensively studied in User Experience Design and User Interaction design and have done UX and UI work for several clients as well.


-------------------
Hello,

I'm an UI/UX Designer with 6 years of experience on the field.

During these 6 years I have worked on numerous projects developing app and website UI concepts, both on the pre and post production.
Creating assets and concepts for apps/websites is my day to day work. Also, I'm adaptable to various styles and trends of graphic design.

For these types of projects I'm also used to work in a team and close to developers in order to adapt assets to the needs of the game and client requests.

-------------