Hello Sir,
I am 6+ years experienced in web development (PHP) . I have played major roles in several PHP projects. I have read all your job requirements and according to my experience. Expertise: Laravel, CodeIgniter, Wordpress, PHP, HTML5, CSS3, Jquery, and Bootstrap, JavaScript and Responsive websites.

Why to work with me?
- 6+ years experienced developer, have the ability to work within team;
- Over 20 hours a day on Skyp-e, Mail, Up Work;
- Ability to work for weekends;
- Fast Email, Skyp-e, Up Work Response;
- Daily and hourly updates on the project progress;

I am waiting to start work please provide me respond so that we can build a long-term business relationship together.

Best Regards

------------------


I have a strong knowledge of all client-side technologies and have several years of experience in product development teams. I usually work on the Agile/SCRUM methodology.

I'm quite good at JavaScript (ES6), PHP, jQuery, CodeIgniter, HTML5, CSS3. As for my experience:
JavaScript ~6 years
PHP ~6 years
jQuery ~5 years
HTML5/CSS3 ~5 years
CodeIgniter 4+ years

My team has a pack of projects behind, we use various technologies such as PHP, Angular, Node.js. PHP is our main programming language, have a strong experience with it. We mostly specialize in various combinations of PHP frameworks (CodeIgniter, Laravel, Symfony, Yii, Slim). We have knowledge of asynchrony in JavaScript, AJAX, ES6, Promises, Elasticsearch, Redis, Docker, all popular libs like lodash or async.

We’ve used the PayPal and Stripe payment systems and have worked on the creation of JSON REST API servers. Amazon API Gateway was used in some of our projects. The next APIs were integrated into many of our projects, they are Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, Google Analytics, Adwords, YouTube, Vimeo, LinkedIn, XING, Google Calendar and Google Maps.

We work with cloud app platforms like AWS Elastic Beanstalk, Heroku, and OpenShift. Our team uses internal servers based on the AWS technology (S3, EC2, Elastic Beanstalk). We practice test-driven development pattern using Mocha, Sinon, Jasmine, Karma, Protractor. Also, we use Grunt, Gulp, Webpack 2 as a build tool and continuous integration tools (Jenkins).

Some examples of our previous work:
https://dave-app.com - (HTML, CSS, PHP, MySQL) a very advanced system allowing wind farms owners and service providers to collaborate in many ways (schedule service actions, analytics).
http://beta.sgl.io/app/tryout - a site builder (HTML, CSS, Angular, Node, Express, MongoDB, RabbitMQ).
http://www.wahlhelfer.ch - a web app for Swiss government with deep social networks integration - Facebook, Xing, Google plus, Twitter (PHP, Yii2, MySQL, jQuery).
http://eco.jsninjas.net - a gift economy web app with real money investing and extracting via PayPal and Stripe (Vue.js + Laravel).

You can check the example of my code by following the GitHub link - https://github.com/godlyfast

We will be glad to help you and provide you with highly professional services.

Best regards, 

-----------------

Hello,

I'm the great full stack developer, who will effectively work on your project as I'm proficient in JavaScript, PHP, Codeigniter, HTML5 and CSS3. Moreover I have a successful experience of remote collaboration with team members, so build a profitable relationship with you.

Please review some of my PHP projects to make sure in my qualification:

https://adventureaide.com - An Adventure “Aide” is a local guide who leads people on unique adventures in their area. The community of Aides is regular people who have a passion for adventure. Through these passions, our Aides inspire us to meet new people, try new things, and pursue our love of the great outdoors.

http://saleslyft.com - Marketplace with really huge functionality. This site marketplace for project owners. It's a Cloud-Based, SaaS Platform that enables the monetization of any product, service, or solution within a few clicks.

https://www.zipcube.com/uk - The first meeting bookings. Browse over 18,000 meeting rooms, conference venues and find the guaranteed best price on meeting room hire.

It'll be comfortable for you to work with me as you will get daily reports about the work done, plans for the next day and questions if appear, it's really helpful for remote collaboration.

Thank you very much for your consideration and I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.

Sincerely, 

--------------------------

Good day.

I am a highly skilled web developer with 4 years of experience in web development. I am a knowledgeable and experienced expert in my field who is seeking a fast-paced, challenging role that will provide the opportunity for further advancement.

I’m experienced in working with PHP and frameworks such as CodeIgniter, CakePHP, Laravel. I have worked with DBs such as MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQLite and also have experience with integrating APIs (Facebook API (both js and PHP SDKs), Twitter API, Google (map, translate, youtube, etc), Paypal, Zoho, Mailchimp).

I have strong skills in front-end technologies like HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3 (LESS, SASS), Javascript and some JS libraries. I have worked with a jQuery, Prototype, Vanilla JS, Underscore.js, Angular JS, Bootstrap.

I have experience in converting PSD files to pixel-perfect, cross-browser capable and fully functionalized Html/CSS templates.

In my projects, I'm also able to use source code management tools such as GIT(Github, Bitbucket), SVN and project management tools such as Asana, Trello, Slack etc.

I also possess strong interpersonal and social communication skills and can readily interact with coworkers and clients alike to achieve desired web page results. I have a strong detail focus and excellent time management skills, allowing for fast completion of projects.

I guarantee high-quality work and quick answers, as I'm always available on Upwork, Skype, and email on weekdays.

I can dedicate to your project up to 45hrs per week, working from Monday to Friday in GMT+4 timezone.

Thanks for your time and consideration. Looking forward to hearing from you soon.

Sincerely 



-------------------------


Hello,

Being top notch PHP/CodeIgniter developer having more than 5 years of experience in both front and back-end development, I would welcome the opportunity to join your team and contribute my skills to your projects.

I have strong OOP skill in PHP, deep knowledge of common design patterns, experienced with RESTful APIs and MVC.
I can say that I can take and finish any complexity task that can be developed with PHP and Javascript.

I have managed to work on PHP projects with diverse requirements and difficulties in the past. Hope I will make your project successful.

My professional knowledge includes:

HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, LESS/Sass
JavaScript/Prototype/jQuery, AngularJS, Bootstrap, Highchatrts JS, Kendo UI, Foundation, Materialize, Ajax
PHP/OOP
I am well versed with PHP frameworks such as CodeIgniter, Laravel, CakePHP, etc.
MySQL, PostgreSQL
WordPress

My other strong area is API and payments system integration. The APIs like Facebook API, Twilio API, Twitter API, Google (map, translate, calendar), Steam API, Amazon API, Paypal, Ecwid API, MailChimp, Zoho, etc. were successfully integrated on several websites.

Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows, Linux (Ubuntu/ Debian)
Knowledge of versioning tools like Git (Bitbucket, Github), SVN.
Project management apps: Slack, Trello, Asana, Basecamp, Jira.

Hope my strong skills and experience make me a competitive candidate for this job.

Thank you in advance for your time and consideration. 


----------------------
Good day,

I’m very interested in your post, happy to come across. I believe I can be the right candidate based on required job skills. As little details are available, I’m making my assumptions based on mentioned technologies. I have wide experience in PHP (Codeiginter) and some other technologies that may be helpful during the process.

I am a full-stack developer with proficiency in both front end and back end technologies. I have worked with HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Zurb Foundation, Javascript, jQuery, ReactJS, PHP, OOP, CodeIgniter, Laravel, MySQLi, MariaDB, PostgreSQL. I have managed to develop wide range of websites, including development of data analysis platform, ecommerce websites. I have websites that I created from scratch.

Also, I have experience with API integrations, KendoUI, HighCharts, graphic design as well. I possess good skills at Photoshop and Illustrator. I’m pretty handy with CMS like WordPress, OpenCart, OctoberCMS. If there are other technologies to learn for the project I will master them quickly.

I'm very easy to get along with, I’m responsible and reliable. I value my and client's time and money.

Hope you got interested and will contact me soon.

Sincerely, 