Hi, nice to meet you. I consider myself a top-notch front-end developer and here are the proofs.

My latest React-based engagement
https://www.verida.io/ - personal data management tool with a dozen 3rd-party services integrated. Supports several blockchains as well.
Latest Vue-based release https://allianceblock.io/ - a blockchain-based platform built to conduct an ICO securely. I was performing both front-end and back-end development as well as connecting all the smart contracts.

As you can see from my profile I have Vue contracts done with 5* feedback which is one more proof of proficiency I believe.

Also, you can see some of my code below. Check the attachments and don't hesitate to ask for more samples or live products if needed.

Keen to see more of prior works? Here are they https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nl0ZBujFw2LJ8AoT8bnylDimnuMlZrfC/view

Being sure of my skills I'm ready for a technical interview, test task, or anything else that is set up by your hiring process.

Let's discuss the details more precisely in chat. Will be happy to share the relevant experience and enhance your team.
What time works best for you to get in touch?

Sincerely,
Sergei

ExampleReactJS.zip (58 KB)
ExampleVueJS.zip (44 KB)


Hello there, I've spent the greater part of the last 6 years building React and Vue apps and I think we make a great fit. I specialize in architecting web projects from scratch and have strength in app state management in React using redux and react APIs, I'm well versed in React top-level API like hooks, memo, context, portal and etc, how to test components using Jest.

I'm also fully aware of Vue.js core features like Vuex, mixin, router middleware, slots, dynamic components, etc.

If you'd like to schedule a meeting, I'd love to learn more about your project and how I can use my skills to help you attain your goals.

Cheers,
Thomas


Dear. Sir

I'd really like to work with you on this one if possible!
I do have a couple of questions, but first I'd like to make you an offer and some background so you can ckeck my work out.

My name is Jay and I am a designer with 5 years of experience. Many sites I have designed are React and VueJs, so I am pretty familiar with what you need doing.


If you take a look at my work and feel that I could help you, I'll do it for big discount.

You'll get all the expected stuff like a great professional service and a fast turn around, at a bite less, and I get a bit more exposure.

You can have a look at my portfolio here: http://kasanova.com.

If the above offer sounds like something you would be interested in, I'd love to hear from you.

Regards.


👋🏼Hi!

I am a senior React Engineer, I will be able to develop a website for you. Let’s set up a call and discuss more details of your project.

Here are examples of my previous work:

- Healthcare app - https://collectivehealth.com/
Project Idea: Health insurance for employees platform.
Technologies: React, Redux, SCSS, TypeScript.
Responsibilities: Demo creating; Creating a friendly and adaptive user interface; Authorisation(in cooperation with a back-end team).

- Fintech - https://bopp.io/
Project Idea: to make the payment process easier, using the bank app on the phone.
Technologies: React, Redux, SCSS, TypeScript.
Responsibilities: Developing and Styling pages; Receiving data from Back End endpoints and implementing it on the client-side.

Best Regards,
Oleksandr