WordPress is my life. I literally spend 8-10 hours every day on WordPress. I am ready to deliver a 100% VALUE and nothing else. I am available for new projects. I am a Web designer and a Web consultant helping clients to grow their business online. I have over 10+ years of experience in WordPress, web development, and web designing. I build websites that are fast, secure, and easy to manage.

I have built 1000's of websites from scratch. I have helped companies to generate millions of dollars of sales and leads from their websites. I have worked directly with founders and CEO's of Fortune 500 companies and have helped them to grow their business online.

====== My Skills and Services=======
✓ Building any new website or ios/android mobile app.
✓ Long-term website maintenance, ongoing wordpress website support, webmaster and Virtual Assistant
✓ Full-stack developer/WordPress/PHP7/HTML5/CSS3
✓ WordPress Template Web Design (including Woo Themes, Themeforest, Elegant Themes, Genesis Framework, X Theme, Avada Theme, Brooklyn Theme, Enfold Theme, Kallyas, Thrive Theme, Divi, Impreza, The7, Thrive, Bridge, Jupiter, Newspaper, Flatsome, Salient, Kalium, Mag and Weaver Theme etc.)
✓ Wordpress 5.0+, Gutenberg, Elementor, Visual composer(WPBakery), Fusion builder, Beaver builder or any page builder plugin.
✓ Responsive WordPress Websites. PSD to WordPress and Landing page.
✓ WordPress E-commerce Site with WooCommerce integration.
✓ WordPress Multi-Site, Membership website and Multilingual website.
✓ WordPress Install and Setup. Wordpress migration like Wix to Wp.
✓ WordPress upgrade. WordPress Theme Install and Customization. Genesis Framework
✓ WordPress load time/speed optimization and wordpress SSL/https activation
✓ WordPress Bug Fixes and restoring hacked websites.
✓ WordPress website and server hosting migration for hosting providers like Godaddy, Bluehost, Hostgator, 1&1, namecheap, wpengine and Siteground etc.

Why should you hire me?

1. I am Upwork's Top Rated Web Developer/Web Designer and most importantly I am candor.

2. My work is always of the highest quality. I work full-time. I am very reliable. I am a good communicator. I always meet tight deadlines, and I assure job satisfaction from beginning to end. The quality of my work helps maximize excellent ROI for my clients.

3. I am highly cost-effective, for a simple WordPress site I charge as low as $500. I offer 100% money-back guarantee if you are not happy with work.

You are at the right place. If you need a new website, need some help with your existing website or create funnels/landing pages/lead pages. I believe a website should make an emotional connection when a user sees it and I always work to the best of my abilities to take care of that connection.

Apart from wordpress I also expertise in
#PHP/Laravel/CodeIgniter/Node.JS/Angular/React.Js
#Shopify
#Squarespace
#CodeIgniter
#Joomla
#Drupal
#Magento
#Opencart
#Wix
#Weebly
#Prestashop
#BigCommerce
#Magent,
#IOS apps
#Android apps
#All major website page builders and content management system.

Dear All,

My priority number one as a professional full-stack developer is to deliver 100% client satisfaction on every project that I am a part of.

Over the last 7 years, I have developed a wide range of websites in all the mentioned technologies.

✮Front-end development: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Javascript, jQuery, Bootstrap, PHP, SASS, UI/UX;

✮CMS:: WordPress, Wix, Squarespace, Webflow, Joomla, Prestashop, Shopify, Drupal, Hubspot, Magento, Opencart, Kajabi, BigCommerce, CS-Cart.

✮Framework:: Laravel, CodeIgniter, Symphony, Yii/Yii2.

✮CRM:: Zoho(Zoho Inventory, Zoho Books, Zoho Creator, Zoho SalesIQ, Zoho Pagesense, Zoho Survey, Zoho Mail, Zoho One), Vtiger, Hubspot.

✮Digital Marketing:: SEO, SMM, PPC, On-Page, Off-Page, Yelp Review Management, ORM(Online Reputation Management), Amazon FBA.

✮Hosting: AWS, Godaddy, Hostinger, Hostgator, SiteGround, BlueHost;

✮API integrations: Payment Gateways, PayPal, Stripe, Klarna, Authorize.net, REST APIs, Facebook, Twitter, Gmail, and other Third-party API's;

Remarkable involvement in:

☞ E-commerce, Marketplace, Membership | Subscription, and Catalogue sites;
☞ Responsive CRM and Dashboards, High-traffic web-projects AWS;
☞ Complete Digital Marketing.

I value time and money and believe in delivering quality jobs for my clients worldwide.


🏅 5★ Service, 100% Customer Satisfaction, Guaranteed FAST & on-time delivery, 12,500+ Hours Worked, Top Rated Plus & Upwork Verified
🏅 14+ years of strong experience in eCommerce Development, Speed Optimization, Web & Mobile App Development with a track record of Premium Service & Great Quality
🏅 Strong experience in Shopify Plus, Webflow, WordPress, Angular, React JS, AWS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, PHP, NodeJS
🏅 Expert in building robust MVP for Startups & SMBs
🏅 Expertise in building Cross-Platform Mobile Apps with React Native, Flutter
🏅 Expertise in UI/UX in line with the latest industry trends - Figma, Invision, Sketch.

If you want the guarantee of on-time delivery, quality tech stack and trendy visual taste, I am your one-stop solution. Contact me now, and let's discuss your project.

🏆 Top 1% Talent on Upwork
✅ Fluent English
🔥 Fast response time
100+ Project completed

Drupal is the main era of my expertise. I played a lot with Drupal (Custom Back-end, front-end, custom module/theme development, hooks/api's/extending classes). I am aware of all technicalities of Drupal Development, whether it is Drupal 6, Drupal 7, or Drupal 8. I am aware of the fact that Drupal 8 is totally different from D6/D7 in terms of coding. But I loved the architecture and coding standards that D8 offers.

Other Skills:
PHP (PHP 5 and PHP 7)
WordPress (Great Command on Front-end Theming, Backend Plugin Development )
CiviCRM (worked on custom extensions too)

Laravel
Codeigniter
Cake PHP
Huge Framework

Node JS
Angular
ReactJS

Bootstrap/Foundation/ HTML5
jQuery/JS
Ajax
SCSS/LESS/CSS

My plus factor is that my husband is UI/UX Developer, so I never have to seek any designing help from outside. So, I would be like a complete Development package.

Having a good logical and understanding level let me handle any kind of development work very easily. As Technologies keep changing, so is necessary to keep yourself updated with the latest market trends, and it is not possible without a good command over logics.

When you come to me with a concept in your mind, I will be for sure able to turn your ideas into reality.

Price is negotiable for long term contracts!!

I have extremely rigorous and intense software development experiences since 2004. I was actively involved in back-end development, front-end development, solutions architecture, DevOps engineering, full stack development, technical product management. I have worked in many industries using many different technologies with many different types of stakeholders.

I'm result-oriented and product-driven. I love learning new things and constantly strive to find the most efficient ways to get things done better and faster.
But no one can help client businesses grow alone. And I created a strong and professional team - WTT Solutions. We are a group of software experts who have delivered world-class solutions to businesses of all shapes and sizes. We understand that different businesses have different needs - so we adapt to you. Whether you're a small or medium enterprise or in the Fortune 500, we tailor our approach to you to ensure that you get exactly the solution you need and that the entire process is efficient and easy.

What we do:

- SaaS Development
- Startups Development
- Discovery Phase and MVP Development
- Mobile App Development
- Consulting: technical and strategy
- Integrations
- Migrations
- Support

Our specialties:

- UX/UI Design
- Full Stack Development
- Front-End Development
- Mobile App Development
- Back-End Development
- Software Development Tutoring
- Desktop Software Development
- Solutions Architecture

Technologies:

- React Native
- Ionic
- ReactJS/ReduxJS
- VueJS
- AngularJS
- Angular
- NodeJS
- C#/ASP.Net
- Python
- React/Redux
- Javascript
- Typescript
- JQuery
- AWS
- ElectronJS
- MongoDB
- PostgreSQL
- MSSQL
- MySQL

If you are looking for a professional, optimized, attractive and responsive Wordpress website or blog then you don't have to go anywhere. Believe me you will be happy after making contact.

I have 5 years of experience in WordPress development and I have done many WordPress projects. also i can design Logo for your website or brand and I can develop any type of website such as :-

E-commerce
blog
Business
Entertainment
Magazine
Real estate or any other niches.
wordpress plugins development
LOGO DESIGN FOR YOUR WEBSITE OR BRAND

Which Package should you choose?

Every user needs something different from their website. That's why i provide custom code functions , allowing you to find the perfect web solution for your business.


Services & Features:

✔ Satisfaction
✔ Fast Response
✔ Frequent Updates
✔ Help/Guidelines for Website Management

don't wait!! contact me and you get full functional website.


🔥I'm an experienced Website and Web Applications Developer, PHP Laravel Developer, React.js, and Vue.js developer with 8 years of experience in these areas. I have a long-range of successful projects.

I am also leading a web development team, Join.To.IT from Kyiv, Ukraine as co-founder and CEO. We have multiple Laravel (PHP), Python (Django), JavaScript (React.js, Vue.js) developers. We are experts in this field. 🔥

Our team has already worked in such industries as:
✔️ Sales;
✔️ Financial services;
✔️ Travel&Hospitality;
✔️ Retail and distribution;
✔️ Real estate;
✔️ Restaurant business;
✔️ Bookings;
✔️ Marketplace;
✔️ E-commerce

Stack of technologies:
✔️ PHP 7, 5.6 (Laravel)
✔️ Vue.js;
✔️ Node.js;
✔️ React.js (Redux);
✔️ PWA (Progressive Web App)
✔️ MySQL;
✔️ Bootstrap;
✔️ HTML/CSS;
✔️ API integrations (Stripe, Pay Pаl, Twilio, TextMagic, Xero, DocuSign, Google maps and
other maps, Facebook, Twitter, Instagaram, Hellosign etc.);
✔️ API development (PHP - Laravel, Node.js, Firebase, Python);

This stack lets to make website development with front-end development alongside with back-end development.

This services we provide for FREE:
✔️ FREE QA of front-end
✔️ FREE QA of API Postman or Swagger collections
✔️ FREE dedicated Project Manager
✔️ FREE wire-framing and business analysis
✔️ FREE 3 months of support
✔️ FREE 6 months of warranty and debugging

Buzz words: Website developer, PHP, Laravel developer, PHP developer, web developer, web dev, PHP development, website development, React Native Developer, React.js dev.

We have serious projects, that are prosperous startups. First of all, pay attention please Currux.com as a web part (Laravel PHP).
In this project were used lots of outstanding development and integrations, like Pay P$al, Stripe with back-end in Laravel and GPS navigation with position tracking. Please check my portfolio to see other works. We can also do a screen sharing session, to see some of the sites, that were not published but developed.

Our web application development team consists of experts who have specialized IT ground in computer science. I'm team lead, CEO and co-founder of a great agency. Check all of our works here on Upwork or on our web-site.

I can describe approach to project development as professional. We are following Agile methodology in our work, combining SCRUM and Kanban all together. All of our Laravel applications managed in Trello and Redmine bug tracker. Web projects become a simple thing, when all stages of work added to ice bucket of backlog and planned by sprints.

One of our clients, vendor of Tesla, GM and Ford says about us:
"Everworks Inc, Anila Hasaj - Product Manager

The dedication and professionalism displayed by Join.To.IT was crucial towards our mobile app development. It was valuable having an experienced group walk us through the implementation.

Their expert knowledge in web app development was exceptional, as they were
open to giving us suggestions and helping us improve our product. They delivered more than I asked for and gave me confidence throughout the project. I am thrilled with the end product that Join.To.IT has delivered to help us create our vision."

Our team counts 35 experienced cross platform developers skilled in Laravel PHP to deliver you best market practices. We have a range of management support team. You will be involved deeply in our project development process. Our skilled and absolutely fluent in English project managers will lead the work. You will have direct contact with your mobile application developer.
Our QA team will check the app before deploying it to you. We have all kinds of mobile app devices to test the correct work of the software.

Advantages that you get from Laravel website or web applications, is one team, that works on both front-end and back-end, faster result, native application as outcome of the work. We are also providing a post deployment maintenance and support to your project.

Ready to work hard providing effort of 40-60 hrs a week per one developer. Ready to work as outsourcing and out-staffing. Dedicated managers and developers, who are in house employees. Honest, fair and transparent. Work with us, and we will prove, how good Laravel and React.js and Vue.js products can be.

Please contact me for further details and fruitful work.

Best regards,
Alex Khomych
CEO, JoinToIT - Best Laravel | React.js | Vue.js | React Native | Web Applications

Hello, I see you are looking for a full stack developer.

We started off with a set schedule on when we had deadlines, and Hendrik would always be ahead of schedule and never behind. I will continue to work with Hendrik for this current project, and any future ones to come. Thanks again, Hendrik

above is one of my client's feedback for building a high-quality website for job searching by using react.js on frontend and django rest framework on backend.

One of the most high-quality products I built is roompricegenie.com, where we won 12 awards for startup competitions including “MOST INNOVATIVE STARTUP OF THE YEAR” from phocuswright (https://up-link.blankontech.com/showcase/?phocuswright_link_reference=rpg-phocuswright-148).

I built roompricegenie with high-quality code structure using react.js as main framework, redux for state management, material-ui for styling, axios for http request library and docker to run all services.

main reason why i'm using react is because of it's scalability, we can easly expand to mobile app using react native by sharing non-ui code, so this will save time on development as well.

and on backend side with high-quality architecture using python-django rest API, postgresql, django-channels for socket communication and celery to handle scheduled background tasks.

Room Price Genie's goal isn’t to disrupt the way smaller hotels work, but to make it easier, keeping their prices competitive and their hotels busy, means even small properties can have automated high-quality pricing. And increase revenue by 15% effortlessly.

Roompricegenie is expert partner revfine optimising revenue:
https://up-link.blankontech.com/showcase/?revfine_link_reference=rpg-revfine-148

Roompriegenie also won rising star of the year on 2021 siteminder partner of the year awards :
https://up-link.blankontech.com/showcase/?siteminder_award_link_reference=rpg-siteminder-148

room price genie website:
https://up-link.blankontech.com/showcase/?rpg_link_reference=rpg-link-148

you can simply send me a message, and I will do the best work I can do to build a high-quality product for you

Thanks
Hendrik

Hi WonderMedicTeam!

I've seen you are looking for a full-stack agency and this is exactly what I can help you with.

My name is Anatoliy, and I am a professional developer and agency owner with more than 12 years of experience in web development.
I have a pull of senior and middle developers on board with extensive knowledge of Magento, WordPress, WooCommerce, and experts in custom web development.

During the last 5 years we have been specializing in various web-based platforms development, customization, and extension conflict/incompatibility resolution, working with clients from all over the world, and now will be happy to help with your website. We are renowned for qualitative development, accuracy as well as awesome interpersonal skills. We have a proven track record with similar projects, so there should not appear any serious impediments to achieving the results you aspire to.

As a team, our strengths lie in communication and collaboration, each of our developers is extremely pragmatic and proactive with great attention to detail. I'll be glad to have a closer look at the project details and share some evaluations. We can go into more details during our personal chat. I will be glad to have a conversation with you via Skype. I am available from Monday till Friday between 9 am-6 pm (UTC+03:00 time zone). How about a brief sync today/tomorrow?

Thanks,
Anatoliy

