Hello,
I’m Val from Profiterole.
We are a globally distributed group of blockchain enthusiasts that are all about bespoke Blockchain, NFT and crypto-based solutions. We have been providing businesses with our expertise in Solidity, ERC 20, ERC 721, ERC 1155, Python, React and Web3. Our principles helped us deliver high-quality products. You are welcome to look at our projects of ours.

Profiterole built Throne (https://thr.one), a brand new NFT ecosystem for the next generation of creators and collectors. It uses ERC-721 to sell, purchase, list for auction, make offers, and bid on digital art represented on an NFT-based token. Over the course of the development, we solved a lot of issues such as over-reliance on the 3rd party services, low fault tolerance and effectiveness of the systems, slow downloading of pictures and videos, high gas prices. I would be more than happy to share with you our approaches

We also created USDT DAO (https://www.usdtdao.org/), which is an internet-native, global collective that shares resources, builds products, and works together towards common goals. USDT DAO uses UDAO as its governance token. UDAO is a powerful new initiative to organize the largest stablecoin community and align incentives to reach an impactful outcome. We used ERC-20h to build USDT DAO and make claiming UDAO tokens possible for crypto enthusiasts.

Furthermore, we are a game economy and NFT partner of MASD GAMES (https://masd.games/index.html). It is the first multiplayer 3D shooter for a global audience built with blockchain. Profiterole is currently developing the game's NFT marketplace, which will help gamers easily buy, sell and exchange all in-game assets.

Thank you for your time. Should you have any questions, please, don’t hesitate to contact me directly.
It would be great to get in touch and discuss your project in detail. What is your availability for the next few days?
Kindly,
Val



Hello,

I've been working as a smart contract developer for over 5 years. I write in Solidity and Solana/Rust, use standard OpenZeppelin templates and Metaplex framework, Candy Machine.
For testing, I use Truffle/Waffle/Hardhat. Unit-test coverage of my contracts is always 100%.

In general, I develop crypto wallets, DEXes, AMMs, NFT products, and other DeFi projects.

I also have worked on live projects with Aave, Compound, Yearn, Curve, 1Inch, Uniswap, Sushiswap, Pancakeswap protocols.

My previous projects:
1. Decentralized platform based on Solana - https://www.degenape.academy
2. The ecosystem of dApps - https://kuailiandp.com
3. European crowdsale project - https://eurxb.finance

My GitHub: http://github.com/integralteam

Could you please tell me more about your project? Looking forward to discussing it!

Best regards,
Maxim

Hi there!

My name is Vitaliy, and I am a CTO and Founder of Upplabs - a software development company. I saw in your requirements that you are looking for experienced solana Developer.

We will be glad to allocate one of our devs and help with project development. We have a strong engineering team, with 8+ years of experience in JavaScript, solana , Blockchain Architecture, Blockchain Development, Smart Contract and API.

Adding our portfolio for your reference - https://upplabs.com/portfolio/
And here is our Clutch profile - https://clutch.co/profile/upplabs

I would be glad to discuss in more details your project and help you out. Do you have free time to chat this week?