Hi,
I am Rajnish and currently working as full stack developer. I am a experienced NodeJS and Blockchain developer and did many projects using these technologies. I would like to assist you in this project. Please accept this letter and the attached resume as my interest in this position. I have knowledge of database concepts and able to write simple to complex queries. I have deep knowledge of React and NodeJS practices and commonly used modules based on extensive work experience.
I reviewed the requirements of the job opening and I believe my candidacy is an excellent fit for this position. Some of the key requirements that I have extensive experience with my technical skills (HTML5, Javascript, Node.JS, Blockchain developer) has been perfectly matched with your skills requirements. In addition I have Software development experience with Node.js, RESTful API, MySQL, and/or NoSQL..Blockchain Development: Expert and experienced

Some of my skiils are :
API
Blockchain
Blockchain Architecture
Blockchain Development
Smart Contract
JavaScript

In my previous project , I was responsible for technical leadership in the analysis and review of proposed system features and integration, security, scalability and performance requirements with users, business analysts, architects, and team members.

Thank you in advance for taking the time to read my cover letter and to review my resume.
Sincerely,
Rajnish

Hi, After carefully looking at your website https://redbutton.wtf where you need to implement the NFT
mint function, I noticed that your project is very similar to the NFT mint project I have already
developed.
First of all, please take a look at this video showing my project of randomly minting NFTs from a
collection of 10000 arts and the screenshot where can see the NFTs minted from the wallet. Added the
attachments below.
In this project, I realized the following functions.
- Write a contract for NFT minting using Rust in the Solana blockchain
- use React and Typescript to build a frontend for the NFT mint function and wallet connection
- used web3 to interact with the contract
I am a Blockchain expert in developing NFT minting and NFT marketplace with full stack technology.
As a senior blockchain developer, in addition to projects like the above, I have already participated in
many innovative NFT projects that are technically flawless (ERC721/1155 Contract, Mint WebSite, NFT
Market Place). So, there is no problem with seamlessly meeting your requirements.
- My recent works
https://cryptoetsnft.io/
https://desertedzebras.com/
https://www.thekittybutts.com/
https://faraland.io/
https://themekaverse.com/
- My services
* upload arts to IPFS and get metadata, tokenURI
* create ERC721 smart contract or Rust program for NFT mint
* create a frontend for mint NFT and show minted NFT - with React, Typescript
* wallet connection(Metamask, binance wallet, Phantom, wallet connect, and trust wallet) and web3
integration with web3.js and ether.js
-buy and sell minted NFT on this frontend directly or secondary marketplace like opensea.io
So I can even deploy your project on testnet in which you don't have to pay for gas fees and then if you
are satisfied, you can safely deploy it on Mainnet.
I will do my best for you to provide High Quality and High Speed.
Best Regards


Hello
I am full stack Blockchain developer with great expertise of Solidity, Rust and Web Development.
I am experienced NFT developer, and developed NFTs like LazyLions bungalow and LoopyLandLeprechauns.
As a full stack developer I have developed all project from scratch, including:
- smart contract development
- minting site
- image generation by combining traits
- ipfs and metadata upload
- marketing strategy research, like reveal timestamp or staking

So I can manage all aspects of your project, including smart contract, web app and deliver best results.
I am really experienced, though I am newbie here on Upwork, and don't have any work history.
Please let me know your interests.
Best Regards.
Arthur.